    1. What is Semantic HTML?
         English words that convey meaning of the element
    2. What is HTML used for?
         Creates paragraphs, headings, links, etc.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
         adds characteristics or properties of elements
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
        Use once, shows what the site's purpose, largest heading
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
        img, a 
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
        title, link, keywords
    7. What is an id? 
        used to give a unique identification and reference to the stylesheet
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
        all elements
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
        once 
    10. What is a class? 
        used to specify a group of elements 
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
        all elements 
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
        Once 
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
        <a href="#">LinkName</a>
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
        name the image 
    15. How do I reference an id?
        #idName
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
        <section> defines sections of a page <div> defines divisions and groups block elements
    17. What is CSS used for? 
        stylesheet, styles your html 
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
        h2{...}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
        class is a group of elements, id is one specific element
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
        .className
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
        .human p{...}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
        parent>child, to target certain children
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
        .sidebar link{...}
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
        defines a special state of an element 
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
        line-height:
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
        letter-spacing:
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
        text-transform:uppercase
        text-transform:lowercase
        text:transform:capitalize
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
        div{
            border:1px dotted black;
        }
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
        *
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
        /*...*/
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
        git status
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
        ls 
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
        git rm 
        git commit -m, deletes from entire system
    34. Why should I use version control? 
        Its a file tree, changes by a specific person are clear
    35. How often should I commit to github?
        as often as possible, when major changes are made, when finishing a feature
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
        git push -u origin branchName
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        fork repo from github
        copy code
        Git
        cd into specified directory
        git clone (paste code)
        cd into repo 
        git checkout -b branchName
        code .
        git add .
        git commit -m "message with changes made"
        git push -u origin branchName
        pull request your repo on github

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 



  